there is a misfortune in my group.  
i had lost all my ex-lovers. i mean, i don't even know who they are now.  
maybe some of them cheated on me. i do not want to listen to those projected hateful gazes.

i had a destiny. i need eight spouses to make my group.  
and yet i saw twelve unborn souls --my children, my girls.

i can recollect some of my partners here.  
there are more then eight persons that i had an affair with. actually i am not sure about the exact number. probably some of my lost partners were returned to me later, biotechnology can alter the physique so i would not be able to recognize them upon meeting again, but, i guess, it is possible i had a crush on them repeatedly --after a quantum entanglement binding us in an affair.

> `flashback` before those events, i describe below, had happened, i had gotten a big trouble ...actually it might happen later, when i was an infant of three years old ...not even sure this really was. i was a toddler, i was at the house of my ['adopted'] grandparents far away from Crimea, at mainland Ukraine. someone, probably my 'adopted' mother, had given me a little white puppy to play with --and i had killed the puppy accidentally; i recollect i was feeling a heavy gaze staring into my hands from a place not belonging my body --then i had gotten an impulse from that place and twisted puppy's head so as to turn it backwards. i recollect my mother had found it, shocked she was holding dead puppy in her hands --and probably her own mother or father told her: 'don't you know children cannot understand this?' it looks like my worst nightmare to me --cannot understand if it was real or not.  
> `delusion` later that puppy was reborn as my 'uncle' Robert, who had circumsized me when i had an infection; he did give me his penis to suck, i guess, i have some murky memories about him having sex with me. after he had drowned [or was removed from the family setting] he was reborn as a woman, my second teacher Helen. then when i was seventeen, as a guy by the name Marlen, who wanted to become a programmer too, he had his upper lip cut with a knife or maybe had a cleft lip, he had a speech defect like me; once i was passing him sitting behind his desk next to another tatar guy, a son of institute's principal --Marlen had said 'Kutak' ['Penis', not sure i knew the translation then] --and i had glanced at him and clearly i was staring at his erect penis that was seen through the fabric of his trouser. then when i was twenty two, he was a woman by the name Anna --i was in a bed with her, kissing her, she pretended to be a celibate instead, but when she had smiled, keeping her eyes closed, i saw Marlen's smile with a 'frozen' upper lip.

- when i was a toddler i had a male dog for a sexual partner. his name was Vulkan. probably my ['adopted'] uncle Robert (who had drowned a couple years later) had forced me into this situation; i guess it so because he gave me his penis to suck; yet he was described as an abusive scandalous guy by my pseudo-relatives, a drunkard without values. he was said to be a socialite, a guy with many random friends. but yet i guess that could be my 'adopted' grandfather, who had forced me to have sex with that dog --probably, Hans was involved with that my sweetheart or he had a crush on his own dog himself. no matter how, i slept in the dog shelter (which was big and had a lock inside), i loved sucking Vulkan's penis and embracing him, he licked my genitals too. they lived in mainland Ukraine, once when i had come from my home Crimea, they told me either Vulkan had killed a little dog belonged to neighbours or killed chickens or somehow otherwise misbehaved, but they taken him away from their house.
- my first love was a boy by the name Timmo [Dima]. he was seven when i had kissed him first. he is five days older then me. he is red-haired and we are the same height now. he had stopped our relationship in 2005, 1st january at 7AM, when i saw him on his afterparty trip searching, probably, for alcohol in a nearby booth when i went there to buy some kefir for myself. he had tenderly embraced me and called to join them (they had a car) but i could not accept it. i was going to die that moment. YES, I KNOW, it sounds bonkers, but that was him breaking our relationship. he had invited me to his wedding somewhere around 2007 but he told it to my step-mother, like if he was ashamed to see me in person.
- i had an affair with a guy who was some seventy years older to me. he was said to be my grandfather. he was a native ukrainian german, his name was Johann. he died when i was eleven i guess.
- after starting going to a school i often returned to the kindergarden i visited before the school, my 'adopted' grandma was a principal there so i spent a few hours there before she walked me home or we went to her house. at the kindergarden they had a young teacher of musicby the name Rimma, and soonly she had become my girlfriend. she was a piano player and lasses adored her and so did women her co-workers. she loved Chopin and Rakhmaninov, but i am not sure about her exact style preferences. we had sex when she taught me solfege or piano. first she took my hands to help me playing and i was at her thighs, then probably i was touching her breasts or exciting her between her thighs, maybe even using my hands. then it had turned into real love affair. i do not remember if she had a boyfriend, but i remember someone came using fire exit, the hall was at a first floor, so there was a ladder ...that could be herself coming back after spending some time at a ladder, but there were meth New Years in decaying Soviet Union and meth summers --people date raped others, erasing their memories and mindforming them into obedience. my 'adopted' grandma was a part of a rapist circle, her husband Vasiliy could rape Rimma and i guess he extinguished cigarettes against her skin as a punishment for us being in love. they could allow guys from local administration to rape her --those people, even police, came to schools and kindergardens and raped us children and female teachers. i remember our houses were open brothels to them during their meth spree seasons, they came and go, sometimes paying my 'adopted' parents their prostitute services. my 'adopted' grandma and grandpa had broken in a scandal threatening Rimma and forced her to resign, i guess, --grandma threatened to break Rimma's fingers if she refused and grandpa raped Rimma brutally. i either was present there or could hear it through closed music hall's door.
- i had changed the school before going the second grade at seven, i had big troubles at my first school. my second school teacher had become my lover, her name was Helen. she died when i was about sixteen i guess.
- then my another classmate, Helen, had joined Timmo and me in a threesome. she is blonde. we had our affair destroyed after villagers and older students had found we were not going to be their whores but instead were dreaming about Gethen world. it had happened after i was diagnosed with an intersex condition [at 12 or 13, i guess]. Timmo had married me after i was diagnosed but people had become jelous of our happiness.
- i had a big bitch by a name Areka, i had renamed her to Gertruda later --we had become lovers when she was six months old and i was fourteen or thirteen. she had died of breast cancer and pneumonia in 2000 when i was twenty. my ['adopted'] parents forced her to breed with two males, she was pregnant twice. it had destroyed me emotionally and turned into a whore because i was attracted to her children badly. but one [Muddy] or two [idk] bitches that had grown big enough had fallen in love with me.
- i cannot recollect my exact age, between 11 and 14 i guess, i had a girlfriend of nearly my age, Dina, who was from another village or city, i guess, or maybe her mother had lost her husband --people here were very critical of their morals, called them both sluts or lesbians, accused in an incestous relationship; probably Dina had sex with her mother --i cannot recollect if that was true --but her mother was very supportive of us having a true affair, unlike my ['adopted'] grandmother who had come with a scandal and fightings to break it when she had found about it. the relationship had started when my 'adopted' sister Olga had befriended Dina and i had come to play with her too. then probably both me and Olga had a seemingly accidental sex game with Dina --me and Olya played this type often, after which event we typically lost our memories about it, at least Olya did. our 'adopted' parents had played us like if we were dolls --i was forced to marry Olya when i was [maybe] eight and she was four --but they punished me later, forgetting and forbiding our child marriage [she had married another guy and had moved to mainland Ukraine after becoming an adult]. i fucked Olya when she was asleep, multiple times using my fingers or playing 'real penetration', and several times using my penis when we were put into the same bed while visiting our house at mainland Ukraine, then i was ejaculating inside her, she even had very shallow sleep because of me and once tried to report it to the adults at the house but i had distracted them badly that moment. we were put into that big bed every summer; every summer we spent a month or two in that place and we were sleeping together each night. our 'adopted' parents were 'unaware' what it does imply for children. but i do not consider Olya being my ex-lover, she was loyal to her 'adopted' parents, not me --i am writing about Dina at this list entry. i had real sex with Dina, probably my first attempts of 'adult' sex were with her. she was an unconventional girl, like all my ex-lovers were unconventional. she was very special. she listened rock music, but never ridiculed me for being like a retard in music after i was forbidden to sing by my 'adopted' relatives. her mother did allow her whatever she wanted to do. i mean, a complete freedom, and so her mother treated me, as well. she even helped me to break free from all the abusive and oppressive influence of my 'adopted' parents. i was going to live with Dina forever, we lived like in a complete happines, even though i was timid and broken after years of abusee, she took the leading role and i was her shy spouse. i guess she was learning to sing, maybe in a metal style. we were allowed to go naked at their apartment.
- i had a girlfriend at twenty, before Gerda had died. she was a music teacher at kindergarden. her name was Nadya. she slept with me several times then had forbidden to visit her again. local people told she was promiscuous; my then-friend, a guy [a choir teacher himself] humiliated me by making obscene innuendos about her.
- i had met Zera at twenty one. but she had become my lover when i was twenty five. 
she had a widowed sister Aishe who had become my lover the same day as Zera herself, but we were not fucking in a threesome. a guy, their friend who paid for their trips and whatnot, he had destroyed my relationship with Zera and Aishe by poking fun at me. they had chosen some forms of "open marriage", as i was told by them themselves.
- i had met Anna and then Mila when i had left dentistry technician college before my twenty second birthday. they had left me too --Mila was with me for three days, we had a very shy sexual relationship, Annie rejected me over and over again, but i did a very eroticised massage to her once. they both lived in Russia [not together, unlike what i would want from them to do]. Mila was a journalist and a bi/lesbian, maybe in a relationship at the moment i first saw her, but then she and her girfriend had a split. maybe she had a male partner, an older guy guitar player, in Moscow. maybe she had others, i don't want to imagine such things. Ann had vowed celibacy but as it usually goes with the celibacy it had turned herself into a thirst trap for immoral people and had incapacitated her own will. she was obsessed with Rerikh movement and yet another one pseudo-religious 'Ringing Cedars of Russia' movement. a woman, pretending to be our manager at our yet-to-be-formed culture club, told Anna is 'a teacher of tantric sex' --but, i guess, she told that in a projection [quantum entanglement], or maybe had disguised the message to look innocent and i was knocked out after decoding it.

there was for certain much more to it. i had accidental sexual relationships with several animals, i was experiencing a foreign will pushing me to do so, like a projection i told about. at some cases that was a desire of those animals themselves. this phenomenon is not limited to having sex --once i could call i little bird in a park --i had raised my hand and she had perched onto my finger without any restrain. but mostly it happened when i was in a stressful setting or was betrayed by my lovers, i mean, there were a lot of insects attracted to me sexually, but i was taught to summon them by rapist russian guys who told 'all flies are girls', they had sex with home bugs, they dominated everyone around them and subdued me and others to their indecent intents. later getting free of those guys i could summon flies by exposing my genitals to them or by raising my hand to invite them onto it. i did it when i was broken and this ability vanished after visions in which i had realised i had found my destiny with those my ex-lovers. i mean --i tried to summon flies --i did everything the same, feeling the same love to my sisters of our sister species, but they had refused to touch my genitals like if they heard i have found my spouses already so they did not allow me to cheat on my lovers. it is called 'to intent casting insects away' by Juan Matus in Carlos Castaneda's book.  
but there was for certain much more to it. i had sexual relashionships with all my classmates or some other peers living nearby, but mostly those were not considered as serious feelings by them, or if, by a few girls, they were considered as such then they were more of an exploration of sexual fantasies which those girls forgot soonly afterwards. i was raped by adolescents or adults, males or females, but it never was a true feeling of theirs. some older girls liked to fuck with me but they rarely were seriously involved with me.  
but the most prominent case was when i had sex with my cousins and their friends. as a toddler and then becoming an infant i often lived in Beryaslav, mainland Ukraine, at the Lenin's street house n.111 of my "adopted' mother's parents. my cousine Helen, a daughter of Robert, was a teenager then, and she adored me and made a lot of amusement for both of us playing with me. she started to take me to a bath with herself. in the bathtub she at first was playing giving me her breasts to suck but then she was struck with erotic cravings and taught me to lick her vulva and to fuck her using my fingers. she was really blown away by her desire and she repeated this exploit for several years. at some point Hans had confronted her on a subject of seriousness of her intents, and she was very disappointed ...but becoming an adult she had married some guy and had gone for living in Germany. she had a sister Margarita, with whom she fucked yet, and a brother Ivan, their youngest sibling. when Ivan had become about eighteen he and his friend Igor had sex with Ivan's sisters and yet with me and Olya. later Igor had become addicted to opiates or whatever else IV rubbish and had died, probably comitting a suicide, because he fucked his male dog and raped me every time i came to his house, and i had some visions after smoking the herb with them, so he was broken by painful illusions or delusions. but before his death he worked as a butcher, Helen or Ivan were sent to him for buying or otherwise obtaining some meat. i recollect they had a celebration or party at some shop after closing hour; Helen worked at a bookstore so maybe she had called some other girls, or maybe there were just Helen and me, i remember there were several adults, mostly guys, Ivan and Igor were among them, they date raped me and Helen in a locked store for several hours. i still feel emotional pain of those inebriated people raping us, i hate meth, i hate promiscuity.  
then after harsh rebukes or even kicks from Hans to Ivan and Igor, and especially, after Igor's demise it was washed away. i guess, people at the town still smeared our names with the dirt but my cousins lived seemingly ordinary lives.  
Margarita studied and then had married a kazakhstanian guy by a name Vadim and had born a girl Natasha and a boy Yegor.  
Helen studied and then married too. she had left to Germany.  
Ivan, who repaired electronics, had gotten friends with Vadim, a truck driver. they had become drunksters and then Ivan had joined Margarita and Vadim in a threesome.  
Ivan and Vadim had raped me when i had come for a summer. i was fourteen i guess. under disguise of 'drink this, just water, ha-ha-ha, what's wrong' they gave vodka or spirit to me and yet we smoked the herb. next year they raped me again, now they were waiting for this to happen, especially Vadim, who had beecome totally mad. he had orgies involving me and Olya, yet both his children, or only Natasha, and sometimes Ivan joined the orgy. he was confronted by women (Hans had died several years ago) but they could do nothing but rebuking him, even he had gotten clear by making up some ridiculous lies.  
but then he had asked a permission for an illicit unequal marriage from our parents, saying "i want to marry your daughter, i really, truly love her, i never experienced anything even close to this. i promise to take care of her". they were heavily shocked and put off, stating "she's too young! she's just 11 years old! what an indecency!!!" --he had replied: "15 years old --i mean, Pavlik ...he is a maid. i never felt anything like this. she loves me too." then he had changed the story to marrying Olya, then back to me, and back to the permissible type relationship ...then there was a fight and peace talks, booze, a lot of booze, arguments, fight again and peace talks and booze and heavy snorring and amnesia.  
i lived in a total oblivion all those years while i was raped. then finally i was fifteen but i could not recollect what happened a few minutes ago, when Vadim was raping me. sometimes i returned to my room and shed tears, i could not recollect why.

****

i had a vision of six Gethenians and two Humans being in my group in distant future. Timmo and his Human spouse and other my ex-lovers as Gethenians were to be those. but i had counted just seven possible members, not eight.  
my Ynnwn spouses should be Therem, Ashe, Ashe, Naue, Sove and Arek. i supposed Helen, blonde girl, would become Timmo's Human wife.

but we either had no Arek or Timmo is left without a Human wife --when we were playing in a Foretelling, while living in a threesome, i was Meshe, a Weaver, and Helen and Timmo were playing either Celibate or Zani. Helen is blonde. and in my vision Zani is always Arek, all girls named Arek have shiny eyecolor [like GFP used in biology or that of some marine animals] and they all are blonde or even albino, they are said to be 'a shadow' and to have increased sense of fearfulness.

- if Gertruda was biotechnically reborn as Zera our major trouble is solved.  
if she is Arek instead then Helen would remain a human.

- if Rimma was changed to Nadya then we have our big problem solved.

- if Hans was reborn as Aishe then it solves our big trouble.  
if Vulkan was biotechnically reborn as Timmo it solves our biggest issue.  
no woman is allowed to have more than one male spouse.

- but Timmo, Helen, Mary, Zera, Aishe, Anna, Nadya, Mila --if i meet all my group members again --it still counts eight, not nine. so we either do not have a Zani by the name Arek or Timmo is a single Human in our group, both solutions are unacceptable because they either break my destiny visions or do break the rule of inter-species marriage.


